feat(fw_performance_model): scale vehicle weight by remaining fuel (#27901)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/config_fw/weight_and_altitude_tuning.md

Scaling is performed when _both_ `WEIGHT_BASE` and `WEIGHT_GROSS` are greater than `0`, and will have no effect if the values are the same.
See the [algorithms](#weight-and-density-compensation-algorithms) section below for more information.

> ### Fuel Burn Compensation

Reviewer: Decide on mass or weight and use it consistently here too. Needs to apply to whole doc

Author: I have attempted in https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/27901/commits/e7088f35b420fb01696186aacd76775561c2e483 :grin:

On combustion-engine vehicles a significant share of the takeoff weight is fuel, so the actual weight decreases considerably over the course of a flight.

> If a fuel tank sensor is present (publishing the [FuelTankStatus](../msg_docs/FuelTankStatus.md) message, for example from a [DroneCAN](../dronecan/index.md) engine ECU), PX4 can continuously reduce the weight used for scaling by the estimated weight of the burned fuel.

Reviewer: Though here I mix mass and weight, without apology :-)

Proportion is better than share. Not sure what you meant by "PX4 can continuously reduce the weight used for scaling by the estimated weight of the burned fuel." - i.e. for scaling of what?

```suggestion
On combustion-engine vehicles a significant proportion of the takeoff mass is fuel, so the vehicle weight decreases considerably over the course of a flight.
If a fuel tank sensor is present (publishing to the [FuelTankStatus](../msg_docs/FuelTankStatus.md) message, for example from a [DroneCAN](../dronecan/index.md) engine ECU), PX4 can continuously estimate the current vehicle weight from amount of burned fuel.
```

To enable this, additionally set:

- [WEIGHT_FUEL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#WEIGHT_FUEL) — the weight of a full fuel load (tank capacity multiplied by fuel density).

When `WEIGHT_FUEL` is greater than `0`, `WEIGHT_GROSS` must be set to the takeoff weight with a _full_ tank.
The current weight is then computed from the measured fraction of fuel remaining, so no parameter update is needed when taking off with a partially filled tank.
The measured fuel level is low-pass filtered to reject fuel slosh.

If no fuel data is available (no sensor, or the sensor fails before boot), the vehicle is assumed to be at full gross weight, which errs on the conservative side.

> If fuel data is lost mid-flight, the last known fuel state is kept.

Reviewer: Ah, I think you mean "for other scaling" - so being conservative means "assume heavier than it might be".

```suggestion
If no fuel data is available (no sensor, or the sensor fails before boot), any weight-based scaling makes the conservative assumption that the vehicle is at full gross weight (including fuel).
If fuel data is lost mid-flight, the last known fuel state is kept.
```

Only the fuel tank with id `0` is used (the default id for single-tank systems).

> Multi-tank vehicles should publish the aggregated total fuel state as tank `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fuel-consumption compensation is only applied to the fuel tank with id `0` (the default id for single-tank systems).
Multi-tank vehicles should publish the aggregated total fuel state as tank `0`.
```

> A warning is shown if fuel data is received but only from other tank ids.

Reviewer: What warning/how is the notification achieved?

Either way this is a little confusing. I think you mean:

```suggestion
A warning is shown if fuel data is not received from id `0` but is received for other tank ids.
```
